Add comment about recommendation to split SR/LR (#220)
nf-core/taxprofiler: docs/usage.md

> ⚠️ Input FASTQ and FASTA files _must_ be gzipped

> > ⚠️ While one can include both short-read and long-read data in one run, we recommend that you split these across _two_ pipeline runs and database sheets (see below). This will allow classification optmisation for each data type, and make MultiQC run-reports more readable (due to run statististics having vary large number differences).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> ⚠️ While one can include both short-read and long-read data in one run, we recommend that you split these across _two_ pipeline runs and database sheets (see below). This will allow classification optimisation for each data type, and make MultiQC run-reports more readable (due to run statistics having vary large number differences).
```
